home-assistant/README.md, before:

# Home assistant

## Content
This folder contains a containerized home assistant setup to host on a Raspberry Pi.

## Setup
1. Setup Docker by running `docker-setup.sh`.
2. Setup Home Assistant container. Either of the options:   
    a) Run the steps in `home-assistant-docker-setup.sh`.   
    b) Run the steps in `home-assistant-docker-compose-setup.sh`.

## Files
- [ha/](./ha/) Home assistant configurations. Mounted as a volume by the home assistant container.
  - [configuration.yaml](./ha/configuration.yaml) Home assistant main configurations.
  - [secrets.yaml](./ha/secrets.yaml) Home assistant configuration secrets, tokens, passwords and other confidental settings.
  - [sensors.yaml](./ha/sensors.yaml) Home assistant sensor configurations.
- [.env](./.env) Dotenv file of Docker environment configuration secrets.
- [docker-compose.yml](./docker-compose.yml) Home assistant container setup.
- [docker-setup.sh](./docker-setup.sh) Docker installation script. Required for the use of Docker and related scripts.
- [home-assistant-docker-compose-setup.sh](./home-assistant-docker-compose-setup.sh) (recommended setup) Home assistant docker-compose container setup and deployment script.
- [home-assistant-docker-setup.sh](./home-assistant-docker-setup.sh) (optional setup) Home assistant Docker container setup and deployment script.
- [README.md](./README.md) This readme file.

## Debugging

- Container status list:   
  `docker ps`
  
- Containers can be connected with:   
  `docker exec -it <CONTAINER_ID> /bin/bash`

Commit message:

Network key generation added. Changed Z-wave serial device to use id.

home-assistant/README.md, after:

# Home assistant

## Content
This folder contains a containerized home assistant setup to host on a Raspberry Pi.

## Setup
1. Setup Docker by running `docker-setup.sh`.

2. Set secrets to `.env` and `ha/secrets.yaml`.   
    a) Long lived access token to home assistant can be generated under home assistant profiles.   
    b) Network keys must be 16-byte hexadecimal strings. (E.g. Hexadecimal 0xF1 0xA6 is entered as "F1A6".) A simple way to generate random keys is by running the following command:   
        `tr -dc A-F0-9 < /dev/urandom | head -c 32 ; echo`
        
3. Setup Home Assistant container. Either of the options:   
    a) Run the steps in `home-assistant-docker-setup.sh`.   
    b) Run the steps in `home-assistant-docker-compose-setup.sh`.


## Files
- [ha/](./ha/) Home assistant configurations. Mounted as a volume by the home assistant container.
    - [configuration.yaml](./ha/configuration.yaml) Home assistant main configurations.
    - [secrets.yaml](./ha/secrets.yaml) Home assistant configuration secrets, tokens, passwords and other confidental settings.
    - [sensors.yaml](./ha/sensors.yaml) Home assistant sensor configurations.
- [.env](./.env) Dotenv file of Docker environment configuration secrets.
- [docker-compose.yml](./docker-compose.yml) Home assistant container setup.
- [docker-setup.sh](./docker-setup.sh) Docker installation script. Required for the use of Docker and related scripts.
- [home-assistant-docker-compose-setup.sh](./home-assistant-docker-compose-setup.sh) (recommended setup) Home assistant docker-compose container setup and deployment script.
- [home-assistant-docker-setup.sh](./home-assistant-docker-setup.sh) (optional setup) Home assistant Docker container setup and deployment script.
- [README.md](./README.md) This readme file.

## Debugging

- Container status list:   
  `docker ps`
  
- Containers can be connected with:   
  `docker exec -it <CONTAINER_ID> /bin/bash`
